release notes for metrics monitors (#1572)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2023-02-06-metrics-monitors.md

---
title: Metrics Monitors Window Update
image: https://www.sumologic.com/img/logo.svg
keywords:
  - monitors
  - alerts
  - recovery
  - false positive alerts
hide_table_of_contents: true
authors:
  - url: https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-service/rss.xml
    image_url: /img/release-notes/rss-orange.png
---

> We've made improvements to our metric monitoring system to ensure more accurate alerts. You can now set a minimum number of data points required to trigger an alert, with the default being set to 2 data points to reduce false positives. This update will help provide more reliable alerts and reduce false positive alerts caused by intermittent or incomplete data. We encourage you to review your alert settings to ensure they meet your needs. [Learn more](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/alerts/monitors/create-monitor/#metrics-trigger-types).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've improved our metric monitoring system to ensure more accurate alerts. You can now set a minimum number of data points required to trigger an alert, with the default being set to 2 data points to reduce false positives. This update will help provide more reliable alerts and reduce false positive alerts caused by intermittent or incomplete data. We encourage you to review your alert settings to ensure they meet your needs. [Learn more](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/alerts/monitors/create-monitor/#metrics-trigger-types).
```

Author: @nmohantyctr: Thank you for the suggestion. Both "We have made improvements" and "We have improved" are grammatically correct, but "We have made improvements" is more commonly used and may be more clear and more concise for our intended audience in a release note context.

> We've made improvements to our metric monitoring system to ensure more accurate alerts. You can now set a minimum number of data points required to trigger an alert, with the default being set to 2 data points to reduce false positives. This update will help provide more reliable alerts and reduce false positive alerts caused by intermittent or incomplete data. We encourage you to review your alert settings to ensure they meet your needs. [Learn more](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/alerts/monitors/create-monitor/#metrics-trigger-types).

Author: @tarunk2 . I have created another PR and updated the content as we discussed on slack. https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation/pull/1573
